.\"
.\" GNU Mailman Manual
.\"
.\" check_db 
.\"
.\" Documenter:   Terri Oda
.\"               terri (at) zone12.com
.\" Created:      September 14, 2004
.\" Last Updated: September 14, 2004
.\"
.TH check_db 1 "September 14, 2004" "Mailman 2.1" "GNU Mailman Manual"
.\"=====================================================================
.SH NAME
check_db \- Check a Mailman mailing list's config database file for integrity.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B check_db 
[-a]
[-v]
[-h]
[\fIlistname\fP [\fIlistname\fP ...]]
.\"=====================================================================
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B check_db 
checks a list's config database file for integrity.
.PP
All of the following files are checked:
.RS  
    config.pck
    config.pck.last
    config.db
    config.db.last
    config.safety
.RE
.PP
It's okay if any of these are missing.  config.pck and config.pck.last are
pickled versions of the config database file for 2.1a3 and beyond.  config.db
and config.db.last are used in all earlier versions, and these are Python
marshals.  config.safety is a pickle written by 2.1a3 and beyond when the
primary config.pck file could not be read.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "--all, -a"
Check the databases for all lists.  Otherwise only the lists named on
the command line are checked.
.IP "--verbose, -v"
Verbose output.  The state of every tested file is printed.
Otherwise only corrupt files are displayed.
.IP "--help, -h"
Print help text and exit.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR check_perms (1),
.BR transcheck (1)
.PP
The Mailman website: http://www.list.org
.\"=====================================================================
.SH AUTHOR
This man page was created by Terri Oda <terri (at) zone12.com>.
Use <mailman-developers@python.org> to contact the developers.
