.\"
.\" GNU Mailman Manual
.\"
.\" clone_member 
.\"
.\" Documenter:   Terri Oda
.\"               terri (at) zone12.com
.\" Created:      September 14, 2004
.\" Last Updated: September 14, 2004
.\"
.TH clone_member 1 "September 14, 2004" "Mailman 2.1" "GNU Mailman Manual"
.\"=====================================================================
.SH NAME
clone_member \- Clone a Mailman mailing list member address.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B clone_member 
[-l \fIlistname\fP]
[-r]
[-a]
[-q]
[-n]
[-h]
\fIfromoldaddr\fP \fItonewaddr\fP
.\"=====================================================================
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B clone_member 
clones a member address.
.PP
Cloning a member address means that a new member will be added who has all the
same options and passwords as the original member address.  Note that this
operation is fairly trusting of the user who runs it -- it does no
verification to the new address, it does not send out a welcome message, etc.
.PP
The existing member's subscription is usually not modified in any way.  If you
want to remove the old address, use the -r flag.  If you also want to change
any list admin addresses, use the -a flag.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "--listname=\fIlistname\fP, -l \fIlistname\fP"
Check and modify only the named mailing lists.  If -l is not given,
then all mailing lists are scanned from the address.  Multiple -l
options can be supplied.
.IP "--remove, -r"
Remove the old address from the mailing list after it's been cloned.
.IP "--admin, -a"
Scan the list admin addresses for the old address, and clone or change
them too.
.IP "--quiet, -q"
Do the modifications quietly.
.IP "--nomodify, -n"
Print what would be done, but don't actually do it.  Inhibits the
--quiet flag.
.IP "--help, -h"
Print help message and exit.
.IP \fIfromoldaddr\fP 
(`from old address') is the old address of the user.  
.IP \fItonewaddr\fP
(`to new address') is the new address of the user.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR add_member (1),
.BR find_member (1),
.BR list_members (1),
.BR remove_members (1)
.PP
The Mailman website: http://www.list.org
.\"=====================================================================
.SH AUTHOR
This man page was created by Terri Oda <terri (at) zone12.com>.
Use <mailman-developers@python.org> to contact the developers.
