add.\"
.\" GNU Mailman Manual
.\"
.\" list_members 
.\"
.\" Documenter:   Terri Oda
.\"               terri (at) zone12.com
.\" Created:      September 13, 2004
.\" Last Updated: September 13, 2004
.\"
.TH list_member 1 "September 13, 2004" "Mailman 2.1" "GNU Mailman Manual"
.\"=====================================================================
.SH NAME
list_member \- List all the members of a Mailman mailing list.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B list_member
[-o \fIfile\fP]
[-r]
[-d [\fIkind\fP]]
[-n [\fIwhy\fI]]
[-f]
[-p]
[-i]
[-u]
[-h]
\fIlistname\fP
.\"=====================================================================
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B list_member 
lists all members of a mailing list.
.PP
Note that if neither -r or -d is supplied, both regular members are printed
first, followed by digest members, but no indication is given as to address
status.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "--output \fIfile\fP, -o \fIfile\fP"
Write output to specified file instead of standard out.
.IP "--regular, -r"
Print just the regular (non-digest) members.
.IP "--digest[=\fIkind\fP], -d [\fIkind\fP]"
Print just the digest members.  Optional argument can be "mime" or
"plain" which prints just the digest members receiving that kind of
digest.
.IP "--nomail[=\fIwhy\fP], -n[\fIwhy\fP]"
Print the members that have delivery disabled.  Optional argument can
be "byadmin", "byuser", "bybounce", or "unknown" which prints just the
users who have delivery disabled for that reason.  It can also be
"enabled" which prints just those member for whom delivery is
enabled.
.IP "--fullnames, -f"
Include the full names in the output.
.IP "--preserve, -p"
Output member addresses case preserved the way they were added to the
list.  Otherwise, addresses are printed in all lowercase.
.IP "--invalid, -i"
Print only the addresses in the membership list that are invalid.
Ignores -r, -d, -n.
.IP "--unicode, -u"
Print addresses which are stored as Unicode objects instead of normal
string objects.  Ignores -r, -d, -n.
.IP "--help, -h"
Print help message and exit.
.IP "\fIlistname\fP"
The name of the mailing list to use.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR add_members (1),
.BR clone_member (1),
.BR find_member (1),
.BR remove_members (1)
.PP
The Mailman website: http://www.list.org
.\"=====================================================================
.SH AUTHOR
This man page was created by Terri Oda <terri (at) zone12.com>.
Use <mailman-developers@python.org> to contact the developers.
