add.\"
.\" GNU Mailman Manual
.\"
.\" remove_members 
.\"
.\" Documenter:   Terri Oda
.\"               terri (at) zone12.com
.\" Created:      September 13, 2004
.\" Last Updated: September 13, 2004
.\"
.TH remove_members 1 "September 13, 2004" "Mailman 2.1" "GNU Mailman Manual"
.\"=====================================================================
.SH NAME
remove_members \- Remove members from a Mailman mailing list.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B remove_members 
[-f \fIfile\fP]
[-a]
[--fromall]
[-n]
[-N]
[-h]
[\fIlistname\fP]
[\fIaddr1\fP ...]
.\"=====================================================================
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B remove_members
removes members from a Mailman mailing list from the command line.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "---file=\fIfile\fP, -f \fIfile\fP"
Remove member addresses found in the given file.  If file is
`-', read stdin.
.IP "--all, -a"
Remove all members of the mailing list.
(mutually exclusive with --fromall)
.IP "--fromall"
Removes the given addresses from all the lists on this system
regardless of virtual domains if you have any.  This option cannot be
used -a/--all.  Also, you should not specify a listname when
using this option.
.IP "--nouserack, -n"
Don't send the admin acknowledgements.  If not specified, the list
default value is used.
.IP "--help, -h"
Print help message and exit.
.IP \fPlistname\fI
The name of the mailing list to use.
.IP \fPaddr1\fI ...
Additional addresses to remove.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR add_members (1),
.BR clone_member (1),
.BR find_member (1),
.BR list_members (1)
.PP
The Mailman website: http://www.list.org
.\"=====================================================================
.SH AUTHOR
This man page was created by Terri Oda <terri (at) zone12.com>.
Use <mailman-developers@python.org> to contact the developers.
