.\"
.\" GNU Mailman Manual
.\"
.\" add_members 
.\"
.\" Documenter:   Terri Oda
.\"               terri (at) zone12.com
.\" Created:      September 12, 2004
.\" Last Updated: September 12, 2004
.\"
.TH add_members 1 "September 12, 2004" "Mailman 2.1" "GNU Mailman Manual"
.\"=====================================================================
.SH NAME
add_members \- Remove members from a Mailman mailing list.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B add_members 
-r \fIfile\fP
-d \fIfile\fP
[-w <\fIy|n\fP>]
[-a <\fIy|n\fP>]
[-h]
listname
.\"=====================================================================
.SH DESCRIPTION
Adds members to a Mailman mailing list from the command line.
.PP
You must supply at least one of -r and -d options.  At most one of the
files can be `-'.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "--regular-members-file=\fIfile\fP, -r \fIfile\fP"
A file containing addresses of the members to be added, one
address per line.  This list of people become non-digest
members.  If file is `-', read addresses from stdin.  Note that
-n/--non-digest-members-file are deprecated synonyms for this option.
.IP "--digest-members-file=\fIfile\fP, -d \fIfile\fP"
Similar to above, but these people become digest members.
.IP "--welome-msg=<\fIy|n\fP>, -w <\fIy|n\fP>"
Set whether or not to send the list members a welcome message,
overriding whatever the list's `send_welcome_msg' setting is.
.IP "--admin-notify=<\fIy|n\fP>, -a <\fIy|n\fP>"
Set whether or not to send the list administrators a notification on
the success/failure of these subscriptions, overriding whatever the
list's `admin_notify_mchanges' setting is.
.IP listname
The name of the list to which you wish to add members.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR remove_members (1),
.BR list_members (1),
.BR find_member(1),
.PP
The Mailman website: http://www.list.org
.\"=====================================================================
.SH AUTHOR
This man page was created by Terri Oda <terri (at) zone12.com>.
Use <mailman-developers@python.org> to contact the developers.
