add.\"
.\" GNU Mailman Manual
.\"
.\" remove_members 
.\"
.\" Documenter:   Terri Oda
.\"               terri (at) zone12.com
.\" Created:      September 13, 2004
.\" Last Updated: September 13, 2004
.\"
.TH find_member 1 "September 13, 2004" "Mailman 2.1" "GNU Mailman Manual"
.\"=====================================================================
.SH NAME
find_member \- Find all Mailman mailing lists to which a given address is
subscribed.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B find_member 
[-l \fIlistname\fP]
[-x \fIlistname\fP]
[-w]
[-h]
regex
.\"=====================================================================
.SH DESCRIPTION
Finds all Mailman mailing lists to which a member's address is subscribed.
.PP
The interaction between -l and -x is as follows.  If any -l option is given
then only the named list will be included in the search.  If any -x option is
given but no -l option is given, then all lists will be search except those
specifically excluded.
.PP
Regular expression syntax is Perl5-like, using the Python re module.  Complete
specifications are at:
.PP
http://www.python.org/doc/current/lib/module-re.html
.PP
Address matches are case-insensitive, but case-preserved addresses are
displayed.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "--listname=\fIlistname\fP, -l \fIlistname\fP"
Include only the named list in the search.
.IP "--exclude=\fIlistname\fP, -x \fIlistname\fP"
Exclude the named list from the search.
.IP "--owners, -w"
Search list owners as well as members.
.IP "--help, -h"
Print this help message and exit.
.IP regex
A Python regular expression to match.
.\"=====================================================================
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR add_members (1),
.BR list_members(1),
.BR remove_members (1)
.PP
The Mailman website: http://www.list.org
.\"=====================================================================
.SH AUTHOR
This man page was created by Terri Oda <terri (at) zone12.com>.
Use <mailman-developers@python.org> to contact the developers.
